README.md, before:

# Presidents

This project includes `presidents.py`, a Python script for memorizing the order of US Presidents.

## Features

- Game to memorize the order of US Presidents, the names of US Presidents, and the years they were inaugurated
- Customizable guessing range and game settings

## Usage

```bash
python presidents.py [-h | --help] [-r | --repeat] [-R | --range START END] [-v | --verbose {0,1,2}]

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -r, --repeat          Allows repeat questions before all questions have been exhausted. Can not be used with --end-early. (Default: false)
  -e, --end-early       Ends questions when all have been asked. Can not be used with --repeat. (Default: false)
  -R, --range START END
                        Range of presidents to include (1-45). (Default: all)
  -v, --verbose {0,1,2}
                        Verbosity level: 0 = quiet, 1 = normal, 2 = verbose. (Default: 1)
```

## Requirements

- Tested with Python 3.14, should work with Python versions >= 3.10

Commit message:

add testing; refactor presidents class and file structure; add linting; add type checking (#1)

README.md, after:

# Presidents

This project includes `main.py`, a Python CLI for memorizing the order of US Presidents.

## Features

- Game to memorize the order of US Presidents, the names of US Presidents, and the years they were inaugurated
- Customizable guessing range and game settings

## Usage

```bash
python presidents.py [-h | --help] [-r | --repeat] [-R | --range START END] [-v | --verbose {0,1,2}]

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -r, --repeat          Allows repeat questions before all questions have been exhausted. Can not be used with --end-early. (Default: false)
  -e, --end-early       Ends questions when all have been asked. Can not be used with --repeat. (Default: false)
  -R, --range START END
                        Range of presidents to include (1-45). (Default: all)
  -v, --verbose {0,1,2}
                        Verbosity level: 0 = quiet, 1 = normal, 2 = verbose. (Default: 1)
```

## Requirements

- Tested with Python >= 3.10
- No additional dependencies required to run the CLI
- See `requirements.txt` for testing requirements

## Testing

- Testing is done automatically on PR to main
- Testing consists of Ruff linting, Pyright type checking, and Pytest tests
- You can run the tests locally as well:
```bash
# create and populate a venv however you'd like
uv venv
.venv\Scripts\activate
uv pip install -r requirements.txt
# linting
python -m ruff .
# type checking
python -m pyright .
# pytests
python -m pytest .
```
